[DOCS-12582] Agentic Onboarding RUM (#32743)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agentic_onboarding/setup.md

Author: it's not on the lefthand nav because it's reused in several places. they would get to it from all the setup pages of the supported SDK platforms:
- /real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/
- /real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/setup/
- /real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/android/setup
- /real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/ios/setup

{{< /site-region >}}

{{< site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,ap1,ap2" >}}
1. Open an active Claude Code session with the /mcp command:

   <pre>
   <code>
   claude mcp add --transport http datadog-onboarding-{{< region-param key=dd_datacenter_lowercase >}} "https://mcp.{{< region-param key=dd_site >}}/api/unstable/mcp-server/mcp?toolsets=onboarding"
   </code>
   </pre>

2. Select the MCP server installed in Step 1. You should see a `disconnected - Enter to login` message. Press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.
3. When you see the option to authenticate, press <kbd>Enter</kbd>. This brings you to the OAuth screen.
4. After authentication, choose **Open** to continue and grant access to your Datadog account.
5. Confirm that MCP tools appear under the `datadog-onboarding-{{< region-param key=dd_datacenter_lowercase >}}` server.
{{< /site-region >}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Set up your project

Your AI coding agent can help configure Datadog for your project. When you provide a setup prompt, the agent:

- Analyzes your project and identifies the framework, language, and bundler

> - Calls the tool and requests permission before running

Reviewer: Is "MCP tool" correct to say? I know we say that in the Setup instructions so referring back to that terminology could help with clarity/reduce ambiguity. 

```suggestion
- Calls the MCP tool and requests permission before running
```

further_reading:

---

{{< callout btn_hidden="true" header="Join the Preview!">}}
Agentic Onboarding is in Preview.
{{< /callout >}}

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-danger">Agentic Onboarding is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

Datadog's Agentic Onboarding allows you to instrument your frontend applications with one prompt using LLM coding agents like [Cursor][1] or [Claude Code][2].

Instead of navigating multiple setup steps or searching through documentation, you can instrument your frontend applications for [Error Tracking][3], [Real User Monitoring (RUM)][4], and [Product Analytics][5] in one command.

With Agentic Onboarding, your coding assistant automatically detects your project's frameworks, add configuration, and provisions required tokens and apps directly from your IDE.

## Prerequisites
### Supported frameworks
Agentic Onboarding is available for the following frameworks: Android, Angular, iOS, Next.js, React, Svelte, Vanilla JS, Vue

## Setup

### Install the Datadog Onboarding MCP server

> To install the Datadog Onboarding Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Datadog Onboarding Model Context Protocol (MCP) server, follow the steps for your coding assistant:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Cursor" %}}
{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-danger">Agentic Onboarding is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,ap1,ap2" >}}
1. Copy and paste the following deeplink into your browser:

   <pre>
   <code>
   {{< region-param key=cursor_mcp_install_deeplink >}}
   </code>
   </pre>

> 2. In Cursor, click **Install** for the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.

Reviewer: Perhaps
```suggestion
2. In Cursor, click **Install** for the **datadog-onboarding-{{< region-param key=dd_datacenter_lowercase >}}** server.
```

> 2. In Cursor, click **Install** for the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.

Author: @aaronddog can you verify the behavior?

> 2. In Cursor, click **Install** for the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.

Reviewer 2: @rtrieu, these are defined [here](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/32743/files#diff-90f087bf5a77ae4d1c579c8ba3e1a5ea432a9a231d20de5d627c4b964104bd8aR601), with just `datadog-onboarding-mcp` for `us` (`us1`), `datadog-onboarding-us3` for `us3`, etc. 

I think we should either run with @domalessi's suggestion above, where we replace `mcp` with `{{< region-param key=dd_datacenter_lowercase >}}` **or** use a DC-agnostic name for the various DC MCP links [here](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/32743/files#diff-90f087bf5a77ae4d1c579c8ba3e1a5ea432a9a231d20de5d627c4b964104bd8aR601), i.e., all called `datadog-onboarding-mcp` irrespective of region. One downside of this is that it would not work well for users with orgs in multiple DCs. 

If we go with @domalessi's suggestion, then we should replace the `us` MCP link name with `datadog-onboarding-us`

3. If the MCP server shows a **Needs login** link, select it and complete the OAuth flow. When prompted, choose **Open** to continue and grant access to your Datadog account.

> 4. After authentication, return to Cursor and confirm that MCP tools appear under the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.

Reviewer: Same comment here - might want to parametrize `datadog-onboarding-mcp`

{{< /site-region >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Claude Code" %}}
{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-danger">Agentic Onboarding is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

{{< site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,ap1,ap2" >}}
1. Open an active Claude Code session with the /mcp command:

   <pre>
   <code>
   claude mcp add --transport http datadog-onboarding-{{< region-param key=dd_datacenter_lowercase >}} "https://mcp.{{< region-param key=dd_site >}}/api/unstable/mcp-server/mcp?toolsets=onboarding"
   </code>
   </pre>

2. Select the MCP server installed in Step 1. You should see a `disconnected - Enter to login` message. Press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.

> 3. When you see the option to authenticate, press <kbd>Enter</kbd>. This brings you to the OAuth screen.

Author: yes you're right, will add the remaining 2 steps

{{< /site-region >}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Set up your project

Your AI coding agent can help configure Datadog for your project. When you provide a setup prompt, it:

- analyzes your project and identifies your project's framework, language, and bundler
- calls the tool, asking for your permission before it runs

  **Note**: Your coding agent makes changes locally without committing them.
- applies the configuration changes specified by the tool

> - provides steps to verify that your application is sending telemetry to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Analyzes your project and identifies the framework, language, and bundler
- Calls the tool and requests permission before running
- Applies the configuration changes specified by the tool
- Provides steps to verify that your application is sending telemetry to Datadog

**Note**: Your coding agent makes changes locally but does not commit them.
```

> 1. To get started, copy and paste the following prompt based on the product you want to use into your coding agent (such as Cursor or Claude Code):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started:
1. Choose the product you want to use and paste its setup prompt into your AI agent:
```

---
title: Agentic Onboarding Setup
description: Set up the Datadog MCP server to instrument your frontend applications with coding agents like Cursor or Claude Code.

> further_reading:

Reviewer: Empty, so can remove

```suggestion
```

---

{{< callout btn_hidden="true" header="Join the Preview!">}}
Agentic Onboarding is in Preview.
{{< /callout >}}

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-danger">Agentic Onboarding is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

Datadog's Agentic Onboarding allows you to instrument your frontend applications with one prompt using LLM coding agents like [Cursor][1] or [Claude Code][2].

Instead of navigating multiple setup steps or searching through documentation, you can instrument your frontend applications for [Error Tracking][3], [Real User Monitoring (RUM)][4], and [Product Analytics][5] in one command.

With Agentic Onboarding, your coding assistant automatically detects your project's frameworks, add configuration, and provisions required tokens and apps directly from your IDE.

## Prerequisites

> ### Supported frameworks

Reviewer: I think we can get rid of the "Prerequisites" header since we only talk about supported frameworks

```suggestion
## Supported frameworks
```

> Agentic Onboarding is available for the following frameworks: Android, Angular, iOS, Next.js, Svelte, Vanilla JS, Vue

Author: oops, i was confused. made the corrections!

> Agentic Onboarding is available for the following frameworks: Android, Angular, iOS, Next.js, React, Svelte, Vanilla JS, Vue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agentic Onboarding is available for the following frameworks: Android, Angular, iOS, Next.js, React, Svelte, Vanilla JS, and Vue.
```

   ```shell
   claude mcp add --transport http datadog-onboarding-ap2 "https://mcp.ap2.datadoghq.com/api/unstable/mcp-server/mcp?toolsets=onboarding"
   ```
   {{% /site-region %}}

   {{< site-region region="gov" >}}
   <div class="alert alert-danger">Agentic Onboarding is not available in the selected site ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) at this time.</div>
   {{< /site-region >}}

   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

2. In your AI agent client, click **Install** for the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.
3. If you see a **Needs login** link under the installed MCP server, click the link to complete the Oauth process.
4. When prompted to open an external website, click **Open**.
5. After you've granted access to your Datadog account, you are redirected to Cursor. Click **Open** to complete the authentication process.
5. Confirm you see MCP tools listed for the `datadog-onboarding-mcp` server.

### Set up your project

Your AI coding agent can automatically configure Datadog for your project. When you provide a setup prompt, your coding agent does the following:

- Analyze your project and identify if the MCP server offers a tool that can be used to set it up with Datadog

> - Call the tool (asking for your permission before doing so) with inferred parameters from your project (for example: your project's framework, language, and bundler)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Analyze your project and identify your project's framework, language, and bundler
```
